update proxy troubleshooting step (#8437)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/troubleshooting.mdx

### 2. PostHog is adblocked

> PostHog can be adblocked, even locally. This prevents requests from being sent from your app to PostHog. If you're just testing things in development, disable your browser ad blocker and make sure you can see PostHog requests succeeding in the network tab of your browser's developer tools. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostHog can be adblocked, even locally. This prevents requests from being sent from your app to PostHog. If you're just testing your set up in development, disable your browser ad blocker and make sure you can see PostHog requests succeeding in the network tab of your browser's developer tools. 
```
